update abstract (#2)
ubcgif/2021-oldenburg-etal-tle-disc: paper/DISC_Retrospective_final.md

---

> title: Geophysical Electromagnetics: A retrospective, DISC 2017, and a look forward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Geophysical Electromagnetics: A retrospective, DISC 2017, and a look forward'
```
